five ways to get more Instagram likes
I've been running a lot of Instagram
experiments not only on my Neil Patel
account but also on 38 other accounts in
a variety of different Industries if you
want to see some of these experiments in
real time then just follow me on
Instagram my username is Neil Patel
either way I'm going to break down my
learnings here that will help you get
more likes so let's Dive Right In hack
number one go live I know you're
thinking Neil how's going live gonna get
me more likes well check this out
according to earthweb Instagram has seen
a 17.6 decrease from users creating live
content now eighty percent of users
prefer live content over reading blog
posts according to growth Lloyd live
video is expected to grow 15x from what
it was in 2022 so even though the
popularity of live content is growing
and people want it more
people on Instagram though aren't
creating as much of it if you go live
twice a week you'll find that you'll get
more engagement and more followers then
when you post content more people will
see it and will like it but here is the
issue though if the content you're going
live with isn't great it won't work so
you can't just go live for the sake of
going live you need to plan ahead on
what you're going to show or talk about
and how that's going to add a lot of
value to all the people listening it
that way going live produces more
followers and eventually when you post
more content you'll get more likes
because you got more followers and those
people are super engaged
hack number two get influencers to
comment on your posts one signal that
Instagram uses to figure out how much to
show your content is based on who's
engaging with your content it's not hard
to network with other Instagram users
some of them will also be insta-famous
don't ask for anything crazy for them
especially from these friends of yours
other than just asking them hey leave a
good comment on your post and what I
mean good comment I mean one that
creates engagement for example if I post
a video that talks about how to rank
number one on Google I may have a friend
who has a lot of followers to leave a
comment on how they release a free tool
on their website and they generate over
500 backlinks which boosted their
overall site rankings and how other
people can find these tools for free on
code Canyon and it's another strategy in
essence to rank number one on Google Now
I wouldn't type out that comment for the
person I would want to make sure that
they're in a relevant industry feel and
they can leave comments like that based
on their own experience that's what does
really well and when others leave
comment on your posts and ideally within
the first hour of them going live
you'll get much much more likes because
your posts will be shown to a lot of
your non-followers in essence Instagram
will use their algorithm to show to
other people that they think may be
interested in
hack number three use music for memes
and Trends have you ever noticed that
when you like a reel from a meme or a
trend you can generally see more of that
video or other similar ones that contain
the same music this happens to me all
the time especially with those dancing
videos but here's the thing even if you
don't have an account that is about
dancing you can use that Meme or Trend
to get a lot of likes if you take the
music that people are using in those
popular videos and you implement your
video and your video should be about
whatever your followers are following
for like mindful of me for marketing or
entrepreneurship
what will you'll find is it'll get you
more likes because a lot of the people
that like those other dancing videos
with that song they're more likely to
see your video the key to doing this
strategy is to do it right when you see
a new trend popping off so if you see
this new popular dance video or new
trend popping up and everyone's using
that same music that's when you need to
jump on it
hack number four
ask for a like I know this sounds simple
but asking for a like is a great way to
get more likes but you just don't want
to ask for a like because there's
actually a Slicker way to do it ask
people to either tag a friend double tap
leave a comment share this post with a
friend drop Emoji if you agree or just
like the post which is the most simplest
form of it and every time we've tested
this on average we get roughly
38.45 more likes that's huge
hack number five use carousels for some
weird reason people like writing long
captions on their Instagram post you
know you'll have your post but then
people have this long text description
people use Instagram use it on mobile
devices primarily which means they're
not going to read that long action maybe
you'll get a few percent of the people
to do it but most won't
but here's the thing with Instagram they
have this feature where you can add
multiple images to one Post in essence
it's a carousel just look at this
example you can see how we can swipe
through and go from image to image those
posts on average are getting
49.22 more engagement the carousels can
have a lot of words or a little but as
long as the content is good it'll do
well and here's one example from Cody
that did extremely well here's a trick
that she used to get more likes she
co-published it with another account in
other words she published it from her
own personal account and her business
account called unconventional
Acquisitions now you may not have
multiple accounts that's okay but you
can do a collaboration with someone else
and you both can pose the same Carousel
image and it'll get way more engagement
now if you need help with your social
media marketing check out my Ad Agency
NP digital if you just have any
questions leave a comment below if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching